nine years of you go awesomeness and
before I start massive charter to
juggalo iron 88 who gave me a title of
its video because I always completely
clueless of what squirt so make sure we
check them out isn't that annotation
will be all over the video i guess and
just click the video can go to channel
now i'm just going to talk a little bit
and this was the first pack of you you
made and legend boys in America and your
america and europe and i'm just going to
show you every single pack every single
bike official back I know da
tribulations and retro pack and all of
us are official but you know what I mean
emotionally you realize what this is the
end when i zoom out or where I actually
move back because I can't do mon this
hmm this gives a lot Emery's to everyone
I hope definitely gives me lots of
memories definitely I remember the time
I got ripped really badly but I'm not so
yes that is that of my poster though
that is it is the post on it looks
pretty awesome it fits perfectly on my
cupboard seen from it there and I'm just
asking you a few questions I'd never
seen it ok what is your route of you do
I guess you can call out I'm everyone
not everyone a lot of people have played
forward a little bit but then they stop
then they go back into it so I side yeah
the when I started this is the first
pack i walked i think i was in the air
yes seven so without seven years ago
years 7 is not like it's not like seven
years old whatever but yeah seven years
ago and then i bought a box of london
from nightmare and then some packs of
legend of blue eyes I remembering this
first back up black luster I never ever
pulled a secret from another for
nightmare just quite irritating I
remember amphibian be obese very clearly
and in this up warthog walks and I
actually pulled all the pieces of Exodia
so is quite awesome I was a bull trial
dragon never ever for de Gier um so I'm
asking you when did you start I start to
only play for four sets it's incredible
I didn't playful I just I don't know
that the Year seven year of me for me
was actually just I played it this is
when I start to get into you game and I
took a big break from rising debt this
is all in order by though took a big
rain from riser destiny to light of
destruction live disruption was the
second video on obvious China 1s
I guess when you say we're excited to
play again I bought some dirt
revelations one packs in the middle of
this but I didn't really count them
because that wasn't a face and then like
destruction I took another break from
right destruction to or I didn't know I
remember like destruction and I posted
those you get ins up I'm not sure why
lighting is so horrendous there you go
but yeah and then no I'm back in and
unfortunately i'll be going back out
again but that's a different story I'm
are still be posting videos every now
and then but yeah I'm not quitting don't
worry um my question is using what is
what's your route hold a still and
legend realizes number one invasion okay
else is number 11 power of us is number
21 I'm just 31 they do something yeah 31
so 111 sorry 1 11 21 31 and just tell me
your route that makes sense all you
could actually write down because it'll
be a lot easier but yeah that's why I
won't ask you hope you like my poster I
sure did tell me a while to make it but
I think it was all worth in the end
thank you very much washing this video
um a trade binder will be fired with
shortly then my may possibly my secret
rare binder and my last shout out is to
backlight 671 he's so close to a
thousand subscribers just someone that
helped him get that pushed there thanks
guys for watching but when I here and
I'll see you later bye